PET – POLYESTER STRAP

Material   			PET - Polyester
Width 				12mm to 19mm in width options available
Thickness 			0.6mm to 1.27mm
Core Diameter  		406mm (OD), 152mm (Width) and
				203mm (OD), 165mm (Width)
Core Weight 	 		1.0 Kg
Standard packing 		20 kg, 25 kg Net Weight, Can Be Change as per requirement
Breaking Strength Range - 	250kg - 950kg
Printing			Sterio Printing Avaliable

DESCRIPTITION FOR
PET – POLYESTER STRAP
 
KARAM PET - Polyester Strapping is Very strong and at the same time elastic and is often used where steel strapping were used in the past. Their elasticity enables them to reliably absorb shocks during transportation. Our PET – Polyester strapping consists of one hundred percent recycled plastic bottles (bottle flakes) and is equally suitable for friction or ultrasonic welding.

KARAM  PET strap is made from 100% recycled material: The raw material - "bottle flakes" - come from used plastic bottles.  After processing, the recyclable raw material becomes a premium new product: depending on the width, the mostly green-coloured PET strap is extremely strong and reliable and withstands loads between 250 and  950 kg.  Any waste material generated during the production process is re-used via a shredding system.

KARAM PET - Polyester strap is available in wide range of widths, colors and thicknesses. It can be utilized from the lightest applications to the most demanding heavy cold applications in the aluminum and steel industry.


ADVANTAGE

PET - Polyester Strapping is a safer and more economical alternative to steel banding, most often used to secure heavy loads. Sustainable packaging solution using 100% recyclable material

PET  - Polyester Strapping is stronger than polypropylene strapping which makes it ideal for heavy-duty applications such as securing bricks, timber, textiles, metal and alloys, cotton bailing etc..

Completely recyclable after usage also provide High stability for optimal load security
 PET - Polyester strapping is weather resistant, capable of withstanding high levels of rain, wind and ultraviolet and is longer lasting than Polypropylene.
 
How Safe is PET Strapping?
One of the major reasons why customers choose PET strapping is due to safety reasons. When PET - Polyester Strapping is cut under tension it will not ping back as it does with steel banding, therefore reducing the chances of injury. Additionally, PET strapping can be handled without gloves as the edges are safe to handle.

